After defeating Owen Shaw and his crew and
securing amnesty for their past crimes, Dominic
"Dom" Toretto, Brian O'Conner and the rest
of their team have returned to the United
States to live peaceful, normal lives again.
Brian begins to accustom himself to life as
a father, while Dom tries to help Letty Ortiz
regain her memory.
Meanwhile, Owen's older brother, Deckard,
breaks into the secure hospital in London
where the comatose Owen is being held, before
breaking into DSS office in Los Angeles to
extract profiles of Dom's crew.
After revealing his identity, Deckard engages
Luke Hobbs in a fight and escapes when he
detonates a bomb that severely injures Hobbs.
Dom later learns from his sister Mia Toretto that
she is pregnant again and convinces her to
tell Brian.
However, a letter bomb, sent from Tokyo, explodes
and destroys the Toretto house just seconds
after Han, a member of Dom's team, is apparently
killed by Deckard in Tokyo.
Dom travels to Tokyo to reclaim Han's body
and acquires personal items found at Han's
crash site from Han's friend, Sean Boswell.
As Dom, Brian, Tej Parker, and Roman Pearce
mourn Han and Gisele Yashar’s deaths at
Han's funeral in Los Angeles, Dom (in a 1970
Plymouth Road Runner) confronts Deckard (in
a 2014 Maserati Ghibli) in an underground
tunnel.
Deckard flees when a covert ops team arrives
and opens fire, led by a man only known as
Mr. Nobody.
At his air base of operations in San Diego,
Mr. Nobody says that he will help Dom in stopping
Deckard if he helps him get God's Eye, a computer
program that uses digital devices to track
down a person. Mr Nobody also wants Dom to help save God's Eyes, creator,
a hacker named Ramsey, from a Nigerian terrorist named Mose Jakande.
Dom, Brian, Letty, Roman, and Tej airdrop
their off-road modified cars over the Caucasus
Mountains in Azerbaijan, ambush Jakande's
convoy and rescue Ramsey, and they go to Abu
Dhabi and steal the flash drive containing
the God's Eye chip from a billionaire hidden
in a Lykan HyperSport.
With God's Eye near telecommunications repeaters,
Dom, Brian, Mr. Nobody, and his team track down
and capture Deckard, but are ambushed by Jakande
and his henchmen and forced to flee while
Jakande obtains God's Eye, as the injured
Mr. Nobody calls for medical attention.
The team returns to Los Angeles where Dom
plans to singlehandedly fight Deckard alone,
while Letty, Brian, Tej, and Roman resolve
to protect Ramsey from Jakande.
Later on, Brian promises Mia that he will
fully dedicate himself to their family after
he defeats Deckard and Jakande.
As Jakande pursues Brian and the rest of the team, with a stealth helicopter and an aerial drone,
Ramsey attempts to hack into God's Eye.
Hobbs, discovering the situation, leaves the
hospital and destroys the drone with an ambulance.
Brian battles and kills Jakande's henchman
before hijacking a signal repeater tower,
allowing Ramsey to regain control of God's
Eye and shut it down.
Meanwhile, Dom (in his 1970 Dodge Charger)
and Deckard (in a 2005 Aston Martin DB9) engage
in a one-on-one brawl on top of a public parking
garage.
Jakande soon intervenes and attacks them both;
Dom uses the distraction to defeat Deckard
by causing part of the parking garage to collapse
beneath him.
Dom then attempts to crash his Charger onto
Jakande's helicopter; he leaves a bag of grenades
on the helicopter and crashes on the rubble
of the garage.
Hobbs then shoots the grenades, destroying
the helicopter and killing Jakande.
After Brian and Hobbs help Letty bring out
Dom's unconscious body, she cradles him and
fully regains all her memories by remembering
their wedding.
Dom eventually regains consciousness after
Letty tells him this.
Deckard is taken into custody by Hobbs and locked away in a secret, high-security CIA prison.
The rest of the team relaxes on a tropical
beach.
Brian and Mia play with their son Jack while
Dom, Letty, Roman, Tej, and Ramsey look on,
acknowledging that Brian is happily retired
with his family.
Dom (in a 1968 Dodge Charger) and Brian (in
a 1995 Toyota Supra) drive away and Dom remembers
all the times that he had with Brian.
They bid each other farewell by giving one
last smile and drive off in separate directions.